welcome to the man of recaps this is
Game of Thrones season seven the season
begins with old man Walder Frey but of
course he's already dead because arias
slit his throat last season so maybe
it's a flashback as he's having a feast
with all of the Frey family they're
toasting to the red wedding but he
doesn't drink the wine because it's
poisoned he's poisoned all of the phrase
while they're dropping like flies the
entire house and it's not Walder Frey at
all it's Arya she's wearing his face oh
she slaughtered the entire Frey House
got revenge for the red wedding at Arya
out now it's the newly elected king in
the north
Jon Snow his one and only campaign
promise was to defend against the White
Walkers and to that and he sends tormund
Giantsbane the wildling leader to go
help man the wall Sansa questions some
of his decisions in front of everyone
and he's like hey come on sis you're
making me look bad in front of my
friends down in King's Landing Cersei
Lannister has declared herself queen of
all Seven Kingdoms she's made this nice
map to prove it but Jaime points out
that she's really queen of only one like
the Lannisters because the Tyrells and
Dorne both sided with Daenerys he's like
look sis we need some new allies and
she's like I have a plan to meet your on
Greyjoy last season you're on one the
Kings mood by pulling a trump and he's
back this season with an awesome new
Rockstar Jack Sparrow wardrobe he's like
hey sur ciel ally with you if you marry
me and she's like hey it ain't no thing
if there ain't no ring and he's like all
right I'll be right back with something
now it's Daenerys Targaryen my girl
Khaleesi finally made it to Westeros or
at least a dragon stone it's an island
right off the coast it's the ancestral
seat of House Targaryen and incidentally
where she was born so this is quite a
good homecoming for her by the way this
was Stannis's castle it's abandoned at
the moment but who should show up except
Melisandre she's like hey Danny I now
believe that you're the chosen one from
the prophecy and Jon Snow is - you
should meet him and it's like Jon Snow
is he cute and she's like uh yeah so she
invites Jon Snow to Dragonstone but
meanwhile it's Samwell Tarly
he's down at maester College at the
Citadel he's a freshman right now so he
gets all the bad jobs like spooning soup
and scooping poop he's like hey the
White Walkers are coming I really should
be doing research on how to defeat them
but Professor Slughorn is like now that
doesn't really sound like the serious
issue so Sam breaks into the restricted
section of the library and finds a book
that says a dragon's stone they have a
mountain of dragon glass and dragon
glass of course the stuff that kills the
White Walkers and he's like I gotta tell
Jon so Jon Snow now has two letters
telling him to go to Dragonstone he's
like I know a sign when I see it I'm
going
sansa you're in charge while I'm gone so
that's nice for Sansa but it's really
nice for Littlefinger
he's been creeping around Winterfell and
even though Sansa doesn't really trust
him she at least listens when he talks
I'm like Jon Snow who has no interest in
anything he has to say so Jon Snow goes
to Dragonstone and he meets up with
Tyrion Lannister Tyrians hand of Queen
for Daenerys now and these two shook
hands in season one after Tyrion took a
piss off the wall Jon's like hey I hope
you washed your hands this time in
Tyrians like no such luck buddy
Melisandre doesn't say hi Jon Snow
banished her last season because she
burned Shireen Varys comes up though and
is like hey I don't like you and your
religious magic stuff I want you to go
away she's like oh I'm leaving but I'm
coming back because that's prophesized
I'll die in Westeros and so will you
so she leaves for the season and that's
basically Varys is only seen to but in
any case jon snow meets Daenerys
face-to-face missandei reads often
there's his long list of titles the
breaker of chains the unburnt mother of
dragons and Jon's hype man Davos is like
this Jon Snow he's a right proper lad
she's like so Jon Snow you came here to
bend the knee and join my team he's like
what no I came to recruit you and your
dragons to help fight against the army
of the Dead she's like what now he's
like no no White Walkers real army the
dead really could use your help
danny's like ah boy you bend the knee to
me or you get nothing meanwhile Daenerys
is trying to conquer Westeros all of her
advisers recommend using her dragons to
burn King's Landing to the ground but
she'd prefer to win with less civilian
casualties so she goes with Tyrians plan
to use the Dornish army to simply siege
King's Landing so they go to pick up the
Dornish army mama snake and yard Greyjoy
have a quick girl-on-girl makeout scene
but then they're ambushed by your on
green you're on crash as his ship and
rides down the plank like an absolute
madman he goes into full beast mode but
spear snake wants to fight a punches her
in the face and kills her with her own
spear then whip snake wants to fight so
he punches her in the face and strangles
her with her own whip then Yara wants to
fight so he punches her in the face too
and takes her captive thing I was
thinking of rescuing her but he freaks
out goes into full-on reek mode and just
bails off the ship
so you're on Greyjoy 1 destroyed half of
Dany sweet killed the sand snakes he has
an awesome parade through King's Landing
and he's like hey Cersei how about this
for an engagement present sploosh he's
like so we were gonna marry me now she's
like after the war I will I think types
of Jaime he's like hey you hear that
pretty soon you won't be the only one
banging your sister what savage so
Cersei goes to play with her new
captives she's like I've been dream
about how I'm gonna murder you and I've
decided to go with kissing your daughter
on the lips what oh yeah the kiss of
death that she gave sir she's daughter
my sellout she's like yeah I'm gonna
leave you alive to watch your daughter
die then she goes up to see Jamie
because there's no better dessert to
murdering your enemies than giving your
brother a [ __ ] by the way Cersei is
not hiding their relationship anymore
when her handmaiden comes in she sees
Jaime and Cersei she's like yeah I'm
banging my brother you got a problem
with that it's like no my lady whatever
floats your boat meanwhile up at
Winterfell bran stark finally makes it
home a nice stark reunion since it's
like midbrain you've been gone for like
five seasons where have you been he's
like oh I was studying to be the
three-eyed Raven with a tree Gandalf I
trip out on tree sap and then have
visions of the past present and future
uh-huh okay his friend Amira is like hey
I got you home safe I'm gonna go see my
own family now he's like kay bye she's
like Kay bye I've been wiping your butt
for like three seasons here that's all
you have to say to me he's like yeah I'm
sorry I've completely forgotten how to
be a normal person my head's all jumbled
up with tree stuff and also making it to
Winterfell
it's Aria yeah since killing the phrase
she met Ed Sheeran then met up with hot
pie and told her John's King the North
now so she's going up there met her
well dire wolf and I Miriah who she had
to throw away back in season one but
she's too wild now to come home with her
the cards don't believe she's re up her
usual but she does make it in another
happy stark reunion brands like hey sis
you SPECT into daggers right little
finger tried to win me over by giving me
his special dagger that the assassin
tried to kill me with in season one
anyway it's used to some nice Oh Aria
gets a magic dagger Brienne and Podrick
are in Winterfell too and pods becoming
a better swordsman slowly Aria goes to
Brienne is like hey let's train together
we'll be awesome girl warriors and Aria
shows off her sick like battle moves and
senses like what has happened to my
younger siblings so Daenerys has now
lost Dorne and her half of the Greyjoy's
but Tyrion has another plan he's sending
the unsullied to go take Casterly Rock
the sea of Lannister power great worm is
leading the attack and he and the Sun
they finally act on their little romance
arc she shows us basically the only
boobs of the season maybe we're gonna
see some dick too but now of course grey
worm in the unsullied are all eunuchs
how to make up word he goes down and it
proves that Jon Snow's not the only one
who knows the Lords kiss anyway they
have a little castle siege but Terry
knows the secret way up through the
sores so they open the gates let
everyone in they fight a bunch of
Lannister's but it was like there were
barely anyone there where's the whole
Lannister army they went the other way
Jamie took them the other way just like
Robb Stark's did to him in season one
they attacked the Thai
Elle Castle Highgarden and they take it
without too much of a fight because
Cersei got all the other lords of the
reach to join her side they're led by
randyll Tarly who is of course fat Sam's
horrible horrible father Sam's brother
by the way is de cantar li and besides
his funny name he's a pretty good lad
anyway Jaime captures grandma Tyrell
it's like sir she wanted me to torture
you to death but I'm just gonna give you
some nice painless poison she's like Oh
gonna glove that right down cuz it's a
lot better than the poison I gave your
son Joffrey what yes I killed him haha
now luckily the Tyrells had a buttload
of gold
Circe's been meeting with the iron bank
of Braavos and wants them to help fund
the war effort and they're like well
we're down but you already have a huge
loan you have to pay that one off first
so Cersei gives them the tyrell gold and
they're on her side now some of the gold
though goes to bran everyone's favorite
sell sword and Jaime's BFF Jimmy
promised bran a castle though and
Jaime's like look I promise later you'll
get a castle but now Daenerys is like
I'm sick of losing time to stop holding
back so as they're moving the last of
the supplies she unleashes the Dothraki
horde yes they're super sweet they like
jump up on horseback shooting arrows
Jamie's like hey we can take these guys
though but then Bo Unleashed in battle
for the first time and it's everything
we could have hoped for Jamie's like
okay archers use arrow attack but it's
not very effective so Jamie's like I
choose you Bronco use big-ass crossbow
cuz Circe's hand Khyber and made this
big-ass crossbow and bran shoots it and
it's super effective all hits throw that
in the shoulder and he's reeling it was
just a shoulder wound though drone gods
okay so he destroys the big-ass crossbow
but he does have to land so Jamie sees
Daenerys on the ground and he's like I
can end the war right now with a
foolhardy charge huh he had go Jamie but
drove guns like hey I'm a dragon are you
kidding me bro
I'm gonna burn it useful Jamie was about
to die but then he saved he's tackled in
the lake by brawn but then he's wearing
our armor so sinking down he's still
gonna drown oh never mind Jamie survives
luckily bran is the best swimmer in
Westeros they make it all the way to the
other side of the lake away from the
battle and bronze like hey you're not
allowed to die until I get my castle in
any case Daenerys won so she rounds up
the survivors and is like bend the knee
or die by dragon a lot of knees bend but
not randyll Tarly he's the kind of guy
that would rather die than surrender and
so his son dickon's like hey I guess
that's the noble thing to do me too
and Tyrion is like you know he's being
dumb he's a good lad let him live
and tenaris is like now he made his
choice so both Charlie's burned my
dragon oh and you bet that gets the rest
of the knees bending real quick back on
Dragonstone John snow is standing around
looking super cool Danny flies home on
Rogan and drogon goes up to John snow
and takes a liking to him let some pet
him Danny's like us sploosh and just
then Jorah comes back what he was dying
of greyscale and last season danny
commanded him to go find a cure so he
went down to the citadel and they're
like no you're definitely incurable but
when he found out these jorah mormont
Sam's like oh I know LORD commanded
Jorah Mormont your dad back at the
Nights Watch so I owe you one
so Sam tries the super dangers forbidden
surgery and he pulls it off it actually
works jours cured so they've become best
friends for life and Jorah makes it back
to Daenerys but he is still in the
friend zone by the way the White Walkers
and the army of the Dead are still
coming
Bran's been keeping an eye on them with
his ravens and he's like hey Jon Snow at
the time has come they're almost here so
Jon's like I gotta go Danny you comin or
not and she's like I can't leave because
if I pull my army back Cersei will just
take it all back but tyrion has an
absolutely insane plan he thinks if they
could capture a zombie and show it to
Cersei that she would understand the
danger and agree to a truce John's like
well this plan makes no sense but we
only have one season left we gotta wrap
things up let's just do it
so Davos smuggles Tyrion in to King's
Landing where he has a secret meeting
with Jaime Jaime's pissed at Tyrion for
killing their father Tywin and Tyrians
like no man you knew our dad was a dick
it's like whatever just tell me a piece
it's like a temporary truce for their
zombie apocalypse Jaime tell Cersei and
she's like you know I'm open to it
because I'm preggers what ho sik another
incest baby for these two Congrats and
meanwhile Davos reunites with an old
character
it's Gendry oh yeah he's fat King Rob's
bastard and last we saw him Devil's sent
him away on a rowboat to save him from
Melisandre burning him it's like what's
up man you're ready to be back on the
show he's like you know even got a thing
I'm the hammer guy now as they're
leaving Davos bribes the guards with
some boner crab but then they see Tyrion
so it's gonna be more trouble unless
boom hammer time yeah and Rigo takes him
to meet Jon Snow and he's like hey I'm
fat King Rob's bastard and these two
bust each other's balls a bit and become
instantly Bros for life they sell the
east watch the easternmost castle on the
wall that's where tormund Giantsbane is
he joins the group and also the Hound
Sandor Clegane
he's with the Brotherhood without
banners he joined them at the end of
last season and they spent this season
riding north because he saw a vision in
the fire they had to go
the White Walkers so it's the Suicide
Squad of Westeros a bunch of the coolest
characters all in one place
going north of the wall to fight zombies
it may be a crazy plan but this is
pretty sweet
Gendry bonds with the Brotherhood about
how they sold him to Melisandre so if
she could leech his blood for fire magic
these to bond over Brienne torment has a
huge crush on her and she almost killed
the Hound Jon bonds with Jorah over how
bond claw is actually the Mormont
ancestral sword but Dora's like hey I
get it you're the main character here
you keep it and Jon bonds with barrack
over how they both been resurrected by
fire magic they brought some unnamed
extras with them to for the purpose of
getting eaten by undead bears
berrak and Thoros both have fire swords
so they're fighting it but Thoreau's
gets all bent up by it before someone
takes it down he's like hey just give me
some rum I'll be fine pretty soon the
gang finds a conveniently small group of
zombies and they ambush them Jon Snow
Longclaw Valyrian steel boom another
white Walker dead oh when he dies all
the other zombies die except for
conveniently one of them so they punch
that one in the face and take it
prisoner but the rest of the undead army
is close behind
so Jon sense Kendra to go run for help
and the rest of the gang gets chased out
onto this frozen lake luckily the ice
breaks off when zombies like fall down
in and the gang is safe for now in the
middle but they are trapped
luckily kendra has incredible cardio
after three seasons of rowing so he
makes it back to the wall he's like send
for help so the guys are sitting around
Thoros dies of his wounds so the group's
lost their priest no more revives The
Hound is bored so he starts throwing
rocks at zombies pretty fun until one of
the rocks lands and the lake has frozen
over so the zombies start coming and
it's time for a fight it's a super-sweet
zombie battle but very quickly they're
getting overrun and tormance gets
grabbed know at torment dies I quit the
show luckily he's saved by the Hound
are the random extras are not so lucky
things look bleak for our heroes nothing
could save them now unless Daenerys made
it just in time and the dragons are
burning all the ice zombies as you could
imagine it's super effective but the
white Walker leader the knight King has
something to say about that he grabs a
javelin and boom throw oh dragon in the
neck what he's all bleeding everywhere
crashes down this dragon is definitely
dead
that's so sad so the gangs escaping on
drogon they even take their captive
zombie with them but John's too far away
oh he's tackled into the frozen lake oh
sorry Jon Snow you were sexy but you're
definitely dead oh just kidding John's
alive turns out he is the
swimmer in Westeros and nothing to do
but make a final stand unless this guy
shows up tilling zombies
it's his undead uncle Benjen John's like
what I asked he's like hey John no time
to explain get on the horse I'm gonna
make my final last and so John makes it
back to the safety
Daenerys gets to see him shirtless where
she finds his super sexy six-pack and
also multiple stab wounds he's like hey
Danny you know I've decided to bend the
knee you're my queen and she's like ah
John oh you're so sweet but the zombies
are pulling the dead dragon out of the
lake Knight Kings like hey guys you
think I can resurrect a dragon oh he
does on dead dragon what in any case
it's time for the big truce meeting at
King's Landing the first interaction is
between the two again brothers remember
the hounds brother the mountain is
Circe's bodyguard and he's some sort of
undead Frankenstein guy and in case
Sandor is like hey cocaine bull
confirmed but not this season then John
begins his presentation on how zombies
are real Sandor brings up the Box he's
like no guys I got this no one helped me
he kicks it over and it's a zombie and
they run straight at Cersei and she
definitely now understand zombies are
real The Hound takes him out and Qyburn
examines it now he's a wannabe
necromancer so he's very interested in
this you're on his like I did not sign
up for zombies so he knope's right out
of there back to the Iron Islands and
Cersei is like okay I'll agree to a
truce while you guys fight the white
walkers on the condition that afterwards
Jon Snow King in the North remains
neutral in our fight for the Iron Throne
Jon Snow's like well this is awkward
timing but I literally just bent the
knee to Daenerys so Cersei is like
trying no truce
I hope the White Walkers kill you all
Daenerys is like you stupid sexy
honorable man you couldn't just lie a
little bit these two get to talking
she's like by the way the witch who
resurrected my ex-husband called Drogo
cursed me so I can't have kids he's like
well how do you know if we don't try oh
you dog Jon Snow
anyway Tyrians like let me go talk to my
sister so these do have it out they
really hate each other she's maybe gonna
kill him but decides not to she lets on
that she's pregnant and he's like oh
you're pregnant
so when she comes back she's like look I
reconsidered not only am I gonna truce
I'm gonna send my forces to go help you
guys fight the white walkers cuz
honestly we're all in this together hey
it's the on Greyjoy he survived by the
way but his men lost all respect for him
because he's a wuss but Jon Snow gives
him a good pep talk and he's like hey
man let's go and rescue my sister Yara
from you're on and they're like no I
think I'm just gonna beat you up and
kick you in the nuts but there's nothing
there Ramsay cut it off so he's like you
have no power here so he beats this guy
to death which earns him the respect of
his men again
and he baptizes himself in the ocean as
symbolizing you know whatever backup at
Winterfell Ari has been following little
finger as he sneaks around the castle
she finds the sketchy letter he hid it's
the one Sansa was forced to write back
in season 1 declaring their father Ned
Stark a traitor but without the context
this looks really bad so Arya goes out
to confront her and turns out
Littlefinger was set it all up he was
out sneaking the snake he did this to
cause a rift between the sisters and it
does sort of work and since it finds
arias faces and realizes just how scary
she is and little fingers like look Arya
is gonna kill you and take your place as
Lady of Winterfell you have to kill her
first so since it has Arya brought in
for trial and it's like you stand
accused of murder and treason Lord
Baelish what
that's right dick we talked off screen
we know that you're playing us against
each other and Starks sisters stick
together
Sansa's like look I know it was you who
started the whole conflict of the series
by having Lysa Arryn poisoned Jon Arryn
and then blame it on the Lannisters
little fingers like whoa there's no
proof of any of that I deny it but
brands like hey I see everything past
present future I was there who and you
betrayed our Father Ned Stark
he's like objection Your Honor this
evidence is inadmissible but Sansa's
like Oh allow it so Littlefinger falls
to his knees to beg for his life he's
like but son I love you and she's like
dude I told you I am NOT into you and
Arya slashes his throat Oh
Littlefinger Manor Baelish the master
schemer taken down by the unified stark
children so Jaime strategizing how to
take the Lannister forces north and help
fight the White Walkers but Sir she's
like yo are you dumb I was lying we're
not actually gonna help we're gonna let
Jon and Daenerys and the zombies fight
each other then we could swoop in and
fight the victors and Euron Greyjoy
didn't really bail either I sent him
with a new loan from the iron bank to
buy some mercenaries the golden company
so they're coming back with they'll have
a big army we're gonna win this war and
Jamie's like whoa you gave your word
that we were gonna help I'm gonna go do
it and she's like if you do you're a
traitor he's like what are you gonna do
kill me and she's like maybe I will and
the mountain pulls the sword he's gonna
kill Jaime but he's like no I don't
believe you any walks away Cersei lets
him go so Cersei just drove away the one
person that truly loved her and Jaime
rides north alone to help fight the
White Walkers
meanwhile Sam Tarly is fed up with being
shut down at the Citadel so he steals
some books and drops out of college
which is so sad because we got there
last season he was so excited at
becoming a maester but turns out it's
just not all it's cracked up to be so
Sam goes to Winterfell and talks to
brand who fills him in on the big reveal
from last season that Jon Snow isn't Ned
Stark's bastard at all it's Ned
mr. Lyanna Stark was his mother and he's
the bastard son of prince rhaegar
targaryen Sam's like wait a second
Gilly rented in a book and I didn't
realize what it meant at the time but
there was a secret marriage ceremony
between Rhaegar Targaryen and Lyanna
stark they were in love they got married
so Jon Snow's not a bastard he's Jon
Targaryen rightful king of the Iron
Throne Wow hilariously this makes Jon
Snow Daenerys is nephew but they don't
know that so on the slow boat to
Winterfell these two get it on yeah it's
nephew incest is relatively tame for
Game of Thrones so we're all okay with
it meanwhile up at the wall the White
Walkers finally arrived with the army of
the Dead
luckily the walls very big they can't
get over it unless they had a Sami ice
dragon
Wow swoops in there buries the blue fire
all on the wall which is powerful enough
to explode and all comes crashing down
luckily tormented beric make it far
enough away we think but the wall has
fallen the army of the Dead is marching
south winter has come it's zombie
apocalypse time in Westeros they now
have a dragon and that's how season 7
comes to an end
[Music]